= Pivot Pong Los Angeles Style

Welcome to the Los Angeles version of Pivot Pong. The app tracks players as they participate in tournaments, providing macro information via ranking/performance and micro information on tournament play. For the Pivotal version of this application github.com/dipolesource | Pivotal Tracker @mmccormick is acting as the PM. Tracker project is https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/795077

== Players

Players are identified by a case insensitive name. Mike and mike are the same while mikem is a new player.

== Tournaments

Tournaments start on Monday at 00:00 and are one week in length. A match is any best of three game competition between any two players. The matches should respect proper service (http://www.killerspin.com/spin-info-table-tennis-rules#06) and none of this bouncing off the walls monkey business.

= Code Patterns

This application has a few patterns we ask you to respect while contributing code. Think of it as a chance to explore the unfamiliar.

== Dependency Injection

We make heavy use of DI[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection] in Rails for the purpose of faster tests. Rails doesn't make this particularly easy, so you should look a few places before getting started. Of note, controllers use a form of property injection to compensate for our inability to hook their instantiation, most POROs (plain old ruby objects) have an initializer signature–form objects are a good example–that instantiate dependencies as defaults, and we heavily leverage Rspec > 3's instance_double method (see relishapp[https://www.relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-mocks/v/3-0/docs/verifying-doubles/using-an-instance-double]).

== Form Backing Objects

== Data Mapper

== Semantic HTML

== JS/Non-JS
